{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red38\green38\blue38;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Amat\'f8r\
\
Eline Starink\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf0 \cb2 Herengracht 104\
1015BS Amsterdam\
\
020-75188720\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf0 \cb1 06-89188720\
info@amatorcollection.com\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa200
\cf0 \cb2 Amat\'f8r was founded in 2011 by Eline Starink.\
While working in the business environment she had numerous\uc0\u8232 talks with female colleagues about giving a personal touch\u8232 to dressed-up outfits. This inspired her to set up a label\u8232 that caters to this need, a label that celebrates individuality\u8232 and brings contrast to a world that is dominated by primarily\u8232 black ensembles.\
\
--------------\
\
Amsterdam, August 12th 2012\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840

\f1\b\fs72 \cf3 \cb4 New Amat\'f8r autumn collection  launching August 1st\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\fs36 \cf3 A collection for strong women who can handle a little wind and rain\
\
[image]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs48 \cf3 We are very proud to present to you our fresh autumn collection. Our collection consists of casual, refined items that are designed\'a0to dress the elegant woman, adventurous mum or confident student. Items to wear around the house, on a first date, on the couch,\'a0at work or to your favourite restaurant.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b\fs36 \cf3 Scandinavian autumn\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\b0\fs48 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\fs32 \cf3 The Amat\'f8r brand is still fairly young. It was started by Eline Starink in 2011. The brand was launched because she used to have a lot of conversations with her female colleagues about her personal touch to het outfits. This inspired her to start Amat\'f8r, a brand for women who want to look professional and fashionable at the same time. The collection consists of high quality materials like suede, leather and special types of wool. Perfectly suitable for the workplace but also a casual party.
\fs48 \
\
[ 3 images]\
\

\fs32 Amat\'f8r shows it\'92s Scandinavian roots through down-to-earth designs that display a touch of elegance. We use quality materials, surprising details, modern color tones and confident cuts, which we aim to blend easily into your wardrobe and to compliment your personal style.\'a0\
\
There will be manypop-up shops throughout Amsterdam during the autumn months. Check our website to stay up to date!\
\

\b Buzz
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 Check our this cool comment to my exposition at the fashion factory in Amsterdam:\

\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\f2 \cf3 Tweet: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/lonnekemulder/status/227353093677936641"}}{\fldrslt https://twitter.com/lonnekemulder/status/227353093677936641}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560

\f1\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 In this video about fashion tips for the working women at 2m34 she is wearing Amat\'f8r:
\f2\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560
\cf3 Video: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xHojO265C4"}}{\fldrslt http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xHojO265C4}}
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \
}